---
title: About Me
layout: page
---

## whoami

Hi! My name is **Thomas** or **Tom** for short.

I'm based in Australia and currently work as a Software/DevOps Engineer touching
TypeScript, Python, Linux and AWS.

At work I solve interesting problems, mentor others, and write scripts so people
waste less time.

I've been programming since I was a kid writing
[Batch](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Batch_file), and websites in
[HTML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML) &
[PHP](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PHP).

The first language I spent a lot of time with was
[Pawn](https://www.compuphase.com/pawn/pawn.htm), then Python 2. I
started using Node.js when Node 4 released and have enjoyed watching
JavaScript/ECMAScript mature over time.

Now days I enjoy writing things in TypeScript/Node, Python & Bash.

I have a keen interest in reverse-engineering and using this skill to learn how
things work, make things do things they're not supposed to do, and wrapping
things to make them nicer to interact with.

I previously worked on [SteamLevels.com](https://steamlevels.com) as the main
developer before working full-time. Now days I try my best to make sure it's
running OK.

Most of my personal projects are on my [GitHub](https://github.com/itsjfx). I
try to put as much things there as possible.

In my personal time I listen to music, watch lots of movies, go to the gym,
game, work on my [dotfiles](https://github.com/itsjfx/dotfiles), or learn about
new tech.

As for where `jfx` came from, I thought it looked *aesthetically pleasing* and
cool, so I used it one day and it's stuck ever since.

## This website

This website is written in [Hugo](https://gohugo.io) and designed to be as light
as possible with minimal JavaScript. I'm still figuring out a design so
things are very plain at the moment :)

The source code is [available here](https://github.com/itsjfx/jfx.ac).

If I don't have time to write a blog post but want people to know about
something, I've probably published a public note! See
[notes.jfx.ac](https://notes.jfx.ac) for my public notes.
